Stand up.
Put your hands up.
You son of a b****.
Did you forget about the agreement?
We agreed to killing all the spies
The more likely
the ruling party is to win the election,
the less likely we're to live.
I feel like I can hear
the approval rating going up.
How is it in there?
Actually,
Lim Soo-ho the spy…
Who ordered to kill me?
You were a card to discard to begin with.
Be careful.
If you don't send
300 million in three days…
Bun-ok…
Your daughter will be killed first.
I must get out of here alive.
Yeong-ro.
BONUS
I'll check the food first.
6 MONTHS AGO
You may go in.
My, my. You guys did
a variety of drugs here.
Look who's here.
Isn't this Ms. Lee Yu-rim,
the most popular singer?
Nice to meet you!
Miss, over there. Strike a pose!
Good.
Our handsome Crown Prince,
strike a pose too!
Great.
Hey, you two,
you look great.
Damn it!
Pose!
Great.
Hey. Kick him out.
Guard…
Guard!
This?
Are you insane?
Whether the President's son does meth
or his wife cheats,
we'll take care of it, so stay out of it.
Who are you? How did you know I was here?
There are so many
other news stories to write.
So stop here.
No… Don't do it!
Translated by [Wayne Ryu]
A BELOVED ACTRESS
WHOSE PASSION FOR ACTING SHONE BRIGHTLY
AND ONLY WISHED
TO SHARE THE GOOD WITH OTHERS…
IN LOVING MEMORY OF KIM MI-SOO